[TCFMM-31] Improve frontend functionality (#43)
serokell/segmented-cfmm: frontend/README.md

```bash
# See the Makefile for more details
make frontend \
  env=development \
  testnet_link=https://granada.testnet.tezos.serokell.team/ \
  mainnet_link=https://mainnet.api.tez.ie/
```

## Limitation

> The web app does not support all the entrypoints, particularly the entrypoints that are needed to be called by a contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The web app does not support all the entrypoints, particularly the entrypoints that need to be called by a contract.
```
sounds a bit better to me

```bash

> make typescript # To generated types needed by the frontend

Reviewer: since we are suggesting to run `make` here, why not just suggest to run `make frontend`?
